OSDOCS#6467: user-defined Azure tags are GA: Remove "featureSet: TechPreviewNoUpgrade" (#60928)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-user-defined-tags-azure.adoc

additionalTrustBundlePolicy: Proxyonly <1>
apiVersion: v1
baseDomain: catchall.azure.devcluster.openshift.com <2>
compute: <3>
- architecture: amd64
  hyperthreading: Enabled <4>
  name: worker
  platform: {}
  replicas: 3
controlPlane:  <3> <5>

>   architecture: amd64

Reviewer: Applies to this entire YAML: Reusing callout numbers is not permitted because it does not render correctly on the Customer Portal. Please update this so that each callout number is only used once and then re-request review. Thank you!

(I am also confused about how some of the callouts apply to their descriptions, but that might just be my unfamiliarity with the topic. :))

Author: Addressed

<6> To enable or disable simultaneous multithreading, or `hyperthreading`. By default, simultaneous multithreading is enabled to increase the performance of your machines' cores. You can disable it by setting the parameter value to `Disabled`. If you disable simultaneous multithreading in some cluster machines, you must disable it in all cluster machines.
<7> The installation program prompts you for this value.
<8> The cluster network plugin to install. The supported values are `OVNKubernetes` and `OpenShiftSDN`. The default value is `OVNKubernetes`.
<9> Specifies the resource group for the base domain of the Azure DNS zone.
<10> Specifies the name of the Azure cloud environment. You can use the `cloudName` field to configure the Azure SDK with the Azure API endpoints. If you do not provide value, the default value is Azure Public Cloud.
<11> Required. Specifies the name of the Azure region that hosts your cluster. The installation program prompts you for this value.

> <12> Defines the additional keys and values that the installer adds as tags to all Azure resources that it creates.

Reviewer 2: https://redhat-documentation.github.io/supplementary-style-guide/#installation-program
```suggestion
<12> Defines the additional keys and values that the installation program adds as tags to all Azure resources that it creates.
```
